Ler's enhance this a bit further, let's say we not only want to set the background color, we want to let the
user decide if you want to set the background or the default, the text color.
So the user has to explicitly state that we want to change the background color otherwise only the
text color will be changed. To do this,
we need to pass an argument,
so I'm thinking about the following syntax,
we get a value of red but an argument passed with a colon,
that is how all vue directives work,
v-bind would be one example,
there we have to shorten with just colon, that won't work here because we need to specify our name of
course but
with colon, we pass an argument and the argument could be background like that.
Now that's no string, that's a normal text in our template here,
this is something which will be treated as an argument then in our directive.
So in our main.js file in this directive, I will comment out this code again because now I want to
check if my argument on the binding, I can access this with arg,
if this is now background, now here it has to be treated as a string because that is to what this will
be converted behind the scenes.
So arg is another thing we can access on our binding,
we already saw value to get the part between the quotation marks,
now with arg, we can get the info after this colon,
so this background in this case.
And here I want to check well if the binding argument is background, then I want to set the element
style background color to the binding value and otherwise, I want to set the elements style color, so
the text color to binding.value.
Now if I save this, we still see the red background because indeed, I do pass the background color here,
the background arg,
but if I were to remove this arg, this argument, we see that now the text color is red.
So this is how we can switch between that,
no argument means we're ending up in this else block, with an argument background will end up in the background
color case, you need to refresh this because the hot reloading is not handling this correctly but it
does work as it should
here in our running code.
This is how we can use arguments and values,
now let's also have a look at how we can add our own modifiers,
the third too when we have been working with directives.
Remember that, we got arguments, the value and modifiers,
so let's have a look at the last two in the next video.